
Doctor Snake Eater
1 месяц назад (изменено)
I can think of more things I found fun, engaging and amazing in ANY of the prequels, not even combining them, than I can find in The Last Jedi. The only things, the ONLY things I found engaging in TLJ was Yoda's brief appearance, and even then, that was more bewilderment than being entertained, and seeing a space ship cut another in half with FTL speeds. 

The prequels? Lets see.

Phantom Menace: New Jedi's with clear characters and personalities. A glimpse at the boy who becomes Vader. The origin of how R2-D2 gets roped into all this space shenanigans. Darth Maul's unique lightsaber and style of combat. Amazingly directed fight scenes that actually made sense. Space combat that made sense. Fuck, even Jar Jar was a little amusing to me as a kid, at least he did his job and made me laugh (and he was useful in the Lego games cuz he jumped REALLY freaking high).

Attack of the Clones: Anakin's evolution as a character and his blossoming relationship with Padme (the dialogue was cringy but fuck, I liked it a helluva lot more than whatever the fuck Rey and Kylo had). Ewan McGregor's phenomenal play on a younger Obi Wan Kenobi's character. More Jedis with unique appearances that didn't cater to any SJW agenda or move for equality, they were just different genders, different species. The origin of the Storm Trooper's precursors, the Clones. Lines that are actually remembered for being amusing and memorable, like the death sticks scene. Jango motherfucking Fett (I like the guy, sue me, I've got a soft spot for mysterious assassins/mercenaries in cool armor). The Battle on Geonosis, which was choreographed and directed in an amazingly tense and engaging way. Actual fucking stakes and tension, like Anakin getting literally disarmed by Dooku.

Revenge of The Sith: An engaging space battle where the ones in charge of the big ships AREN'T dunderheads. General 'I eat Jedis for breakfast' Grievous. General Grievous again, being at least an intimidating character who looks menacing as fuck and very unique despite his relatively short screentime. A glimpse at Palpatine's true nature as Sidious as Anakin executes Dooku. Anakin executing Dooku and a glimpse of him tasting the Dark Side. Hayden Christensen's phenomenal expressions, facial movements and emotional displays while playing Anakin's character (Say what you want about his acting, when he turned dark side and started glaring, I felt intimidated as hell as a kid, and I feel intimidated as hell as an adult when I look at that face). General Grievous fighting Obi Wan (the fight wasn't as big or flashy, but it shows that hey, this guy's a General for a reason, and that intimidating look he has isn't just for show). Palpatine's memorable and extremely interesting conversation with Anakin about the dark side and the potential it has. The stressful and actually disturbing and heart wrenching deaths of every and all Jedis via the execution of Order 66. The cementing of the fact that Anakin is no longer who he once was, showing character change and growth (not positive growth mind you) when he prepares to kill the younglings. The emotional confrontation on Mustafar between Padme and Anakin. The adrenaline fueled and dramatic battle between Obi Wan and Anakin. Anakin's permanent disfigurement as he burns alive. The birth of Luke and Leia. Anakin being placed into the coffin that is Darth Vader and truly becoming a Sith.

I've found so many more things in those prequels that I loved than I could in TLJ, and this is all off the top of my head. I can't understand some of the changes they make in this new movie, I just can't, and some of the decisions they make are so laughably stupid, its almost as if they were made while under the influence of a substance! Leia floating through space like lucy in the sky with diamonds? Whose idea was that? HOW was that a good idea? I would have accepted it and even welcomed it if she just floated to the ship normally, drifting like if she was being taken by a current. The Force is mysterious, so I can see, if a little reluctantly, how it would help her survive that. But if you're gonna imply that she's developing Force abilities right then and there, at least make it fucking subtler than that, don't make her fly back to a ship like she's a fairy. That's like Rey suddenly knowing how to fight with a lightsaber despite having little to no training in it, and managing to hold her ground against someone who's been training for way longer and is much more adept with the Force to the point he could freeze BLASTER BOLTS in the air.

Oh wait, that did happen. Fuck.

Then there's the completely unlikable and utterly pointless replacement for the comatose Leia. I have so many problems with that character, both on her role, her character, and her appearance. She just seems to make things more difficult because we needed an arbitrary and stereotypical 'Temporary commanding officer who's a bitch for no reason'. And then, her outfit. If you're gonna be commanding soldiers, fucking dress like you're their leader at least, don't dress up like the latest thing you saw in vogue. At least with Leia's outfit, I could see her surviving a blaster bolt if it hit somewhere nasty like her chest or arm. This purple haired woman's outfit (I don't even fucking remember her name, that's how much I disliked her) just looks like it'd immediately immolate the moment ANY part of her body gets shot. Even if you say that its some sort of officer uniform, its a shit uniform then, because what kind of military officer has an outfit that EXPOSES parts of the body, like those fucking shoulders, for exploitation?

Anime doesn't count, uniforms in anime, especially the military, are very, very impractical most of the time.

I'd rant more about what I hated from the movie but honestly, the whole point of this comment in the first place was what I liked about the prequels and why each one individually is still better than TLJ for me.

Fuck, why do I keep going on rambles like this at fucking 2 AM!? Its like I just black out as soon as I enter the comments section and then boom, this shit happens. I'm gonna go to bed.








Also, fuck whoever says this movie is made for kids and we're just afraid of progress. 

A: You're delusional if you think that gross giant alien milk scene was something kids would have wanted to see. The only kids you'll get who enjoyed that are probably from an eclectic part of furaffinity. And those kids have powers. Powers most would consider.. *unnatural*. 

B: EVERYONE of all ages watches Star Wars, don't spout bullshit to cover up mistakes, you'd have to be blind and deaf to not know that it won't just be kids watching these movies. I've seen children, adults and the elderly watching Star Wars and enjoying it for the crafted stories and plots, and being invested in the characters. 

C: I don't fucking see any "progress" in this movie, the characters and plot is somehow fucking degrading instead of progressing, much like Disney's money invested in Star Wars. 

And D: I'm 98% sure that people on the internet with half a brain and good taste can name at least five different kids shows, western or eastern, that show better character growth, interactions and storytelling in one episode that are remembered far more fondly than this entire movie will be.

Avatar: The Last Airbender is an obvious example. Fucking Power Rangers is another. Almost ANY show from Cartoon Network back in the golden days of Courage the Cowardly Dog and Samurai Jack. Digimon. Medabots. Even freaking BEYBLADE for fucks sake and that show was basically a gimmick to sell the damn toys.

But again, this is all just my personal opinion. I honestly doubt anyone's gonna try to read through this. NOW I'm going to fucking sleep. I'm glad I live in a country where bootlegs, movie rips and recordings of films are literally commonplace and everywhere, cuz if the next movie is anything like this one, I'll be sure to make sure to buy a cheap recorded DVD instead of wasting my money o